URL: https://careers.microsoft.com/v2/global/en/hiringfaqs.html
HTTP: 200
TITLE: hiringFAQs | Microsoft Careers

hiringFAQs | Microsoft Careers
https://uhf.microsoft.com/en-US/shell/xml/MSActionCenter?headerId=GlobalCareersPCSHeaderprod&footerid=CareersPCSFooterprod
https://careers.microsoft.com/bin/msft/searchheader
https://careers.microsoft.com/v2/global/en/sign-in.html
https://careers.microsoft.com/v2/ca/fr/connexion.html
https://cdn.careers.microsoft.com/aem/asset-manifest.json
654c6aaa25ad4751986d2b4fdcf3da6f-b7d405fc-078f-42fd-99cf-e21de3479349-7421
https://gcssupportuippe.azureedge.net/asset-manifest.json
PROD
https://uhf.microsoft.com/fr-CA/shell/xml/MSActionCenter?headerId=GlobalCareersPCSHeaderprod&footerid=CareersPCSFooterprod
PROD
https://apply.careers.microsoft.com/careers
 Hiring Process FAQs 
 Your success starts with clarity
We’re glad you’re exploring opportunities with us! This FAQ section is built to give you straightforward, helpful information about every stage of your candidate experience. Because when you have clarity, you’re empowered to succeed. We are committed to making your experience transparent and supportive – so you can focus on what matters most: thriving in your career journey. 
Getting Started
 
Search & Apply
 
Profile & AI
 
Processes & Accommodations
 
Feedback & Support 
 
New Recruiting System
 
Getting Started
 
Search & Apply
 
Profile & AI
 
Processes & Accommodations
 
Feedback & Support 
 
New Recruiting System
 
What is required to create a profile on Microsoft Careers Site? 
You’ll need either your preferred personal email address or your LinkedIn login details. You’ll also be asked to answer a few questions about your preferences. Finally, you can upload your resume—which will be parsed to create your profile (and can be updated anytime)—or manually enter your basic contact details. 
How do I create a Microsoft Careers site profile and what does it allow me to do? 
Click Sign in, select Create a new account, and follow the prompts. Creating a profile allows you to: 
 
View personalized job recommendations based on your skills and experience 
Set up job alerts 
Save jobs 
Apply for open jobs 
Complete tasks related to your recruitment activities if you advance in the process 
How is parsing used when I upload my resume? 
When you upload your resume, the system uses parsing to extract details such as name and contact information, skills, work experience, education, and certifications. These elements are automatically populated into your profile to save time. It is critical that you review and confirm the information extracted from your profile to ensure that it accurately reflects your information, skills, and experience. 
What can I expect when I join the Microsoft Talent Network? 
Joining the Microsoft Talent Network is a quick way to stay connected and receive job alerts without committing to a full profile. Here’s what you can expect: 
 
Receive job alerts:
 Receive email notifications about roles that match your skills and experience. 
Profile visibility to recruiters:
 Your profile and resume can be viewed by Microsoft recruiters for relevant roles—even before you apply. 
Stay connected:
 Receive emails from Microsoft Recruiting, including updates about events, news and career opportunities. 
 
How do I search and apply for open jobs through the Microsoft Careers site? 
You can search for jobs with or without creating a profile by navigating to the Search page and entering a keyword, location, job ID, or using filters to narrow results. 
 
Creating a profile on the Microsoft Careers site unlocks richer personalization, editing options, and deeper engagement with recruiters. 
 
To apply for a job, you’ll need to create a profile if you haven’t already, confirm you meet the required qualifications, complete all required questions, and submit your application. 
How frequently are job recommendations updated? 
Job recommendations are refreshed regularly as new roles are posted and when you update your profile. The platform continuously reviews your information and available jobs to keep recommendations current and relevant. 
If I was referred for a job by a Microsoft employee, where do I see that information and what do I need to do? 
Sign in to your profile and navigate to Action Center > Applications > Referrals. There, you’ll see details of the referral, including the job title, link to the job description, and the name of the employee who referred you. 
 
To be considered for the role, you’ll need to complete and submit your application. A referral does not replace the application process—it simply helps connect you to the opportunity.
 
Who can see my profile when I apply for a job? 
When you apply for a job, your profile is visible to Microsoft Recruiting to help determine if your skills and experiences align with the job opening. If your application is advanced after the recruiter's review, it will be visible to the hiring team (hiring manager, screeners, and interviewers). 
If an open role indicates that my profile is a “strong match” or a “good match”, do I still need to meet the required qualifications (RQs) listed on the job posting? 
Yes. You must meet the required qualifications for a job regardless of match recommendations. These indicators only serve as a point of reference when you are reviewing jobs. Use your best judgment when determining which job is right for you. Neither indicator guarantees or implies any specific outcome for a candidate’s application to any role. 
Where can I learn more about how AI is used when processing my information? 
Visit the 
Transparency FAQs
 for details on how AI is applied in job recommendations, profile insights, and resume parsing. 
 
How can I see and respond to meeting requests? 
Sign in to your profile and go to Action Center > Interviews. From there, you can: 
 
Accept or decline the interview request 
Select a time if multiple options are provided 
Download the meeting invite and add it to your calendar 
 
If none of the available times work, request assistance directly through the Interviews module to coordinate an alternative time. 
What is Forms Manager? 
Forms Manager is the central location where you can access and complete documents or requests Cto your hiring process. This includes: 
 
Accommodation requests during the assessment stage 
Reference letter requests for Microsoft Research roles 
Travel requests and expense reimbursement if you’ve traveled for on-site interviews 
Non-disclosure agreements (NDAs) and other required documents 
 
Access Forms Manager by signing in and navigating to 
Action Center > Forms Manager.
 
How does Microsoft support accessibility or religion related accommodations? 
Microsoft provides accommodations to ensure a consistent recruiting process for candidates with disabilities or those needing adjustments for religious reasons. 
 
Examples include: 
 
Extra time for assessments 
Accessible content formats 
Sign language interpreters or captions 
Scheduling adjustments 
 
To request an accommodation or read full guidance, visit the 
Accessibility page
. Requests are confidential and handled case by case. If you’re unsure what to request, your recruiter or scheduling partner can assist. 
 
Who can I contact if I have questions or technical issues? 
Click 
Support 
in the site footer, then complete and submit the form. 
How do I provide feedback on my experience using the Microsoft Careers site 
Complete the survey that appears after you apply for a job or use the persistent 
Feedback 
button on the home page to share your input anytime.
 
I heard the new recruiting system and careers site went live on November 17, but I don’t see many job postings on the Microsoft Careers Site. When will jobs begin to show? 
After the new recruiting system and careers site goes live on 
November 17
, job postings will begin posting over the week. It may take some time for all roles to appear, but postings will populate progressively as recruiters move requisitions into the new system. 
I applied for an open role in late October. Where do I go to find the status of my application? 
Check the legacy site Action Center on the 
Global Career Site
 for the status of your application. 
 
If you are selected to move forward with your application, you will receive an email inviting you to reapply for the open position on the new Microsoft Careers site platform. At that point, you will reference the Action Center on this new site to check the status of your application. 
The status of my application in the Global Careers Site indicates “inactive.” What does this mean? 
Inactive applications are positions you applied for that are no longer open; you withdrew from, transferred from or weren't selected for. 
Will I see job descriptions for roles I am interviewing for after jobs are live on the Microsoft Careers Site? For how long? 
Yes. You can view job descriptions in the Action Center until March 31, 2026. Once the requisitions close in the legacy recruiting system, applications will show as “inactive.”