URL: https://careers.mars.com/global/en/how-to-join-us
HTTP: 200
TITLE: How to Join us | Mars Careers

How to Join us | Mars Careers
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
How To Join Us
 
We want you to be successful
We’ve made our application process as straightforward as possible, so you can focus on introducing us to the real you. Ultimately, we want people who share our passion for a better future. Who want to be responsible for positive change. Here are some hints and tips on what to expect, and how you can bring your best self to every stage.
Our application process
 
From application to getting an offer, you’ll have every chance to showcase your own individual skills and expertise. And remember, you’re checking us out as well, so be sure to have plenty of questions ready.
 
1
Application:
 
explore our open jobs and apply
​​​​​​​
 
2
Initial interview:
 
talk to a recruiter and / or hiring manager
​​​​​​​
 
3
Assessment:
 
show us your skills
 
4
Final interview:
 
​​​​​​​
talk to the broader team
 
5
Welcome to Mars:
 
​​​​​​​
receive a formal offer letter from Mars
 
A few tips to help you navigate the application process
We asked some of our leaders to share insider advice to help you on the journey to selection.
 "Know what makes you unique and how you can help the organization because of what makes you special; this is what has earned you a seat to interview in the first place. Articulate what role you played in the examples you provide as it highlights the different ways in which you will add value to the overall collective team, not just as an individual. Remember that you have had a unique professional journey full of successes and learnings, many of which are worthy of special acknowledgement and celebration. Don't cut yourself short; you have earned it!"
Amy Rose | Vet Sales Leader
Royal Canin
"Mars is a purpose-driven organization, and it is important to understand the Mars Five Principles and Associate concepts to be successful. Be clear on why you want to join this particular role at Mars and how it will fit into your career journey. Think through your first 90 days plan, which will help articulate your strengths, learning opportunities, and the support needed to be successful as you go through your interviews."
Deepak Jose | Global Senior Director 
One Demand Data & Analytics, Mars Wrigley
Your questions answered here
We are here to help with questions you might have about the application process.
How do I see what jobs are available?
You can visit our 
job search page
 and filter by category, country and city.
​How long will it take me to apply for a job?
Our job application takes about 25 minutes: this will give you enough time to answer questions and provide specific information about your experience.
What information do I need to apply for a job?
You will need to create a profile on our portal with a valid email address, phone number you can be reached at, residential address and an updated CV. For some jobs, you will also be asked to submit a cover letter.
​​​​​
Who has access to my data once I have applied?
Your details will only be seen by Mars recruiters and the line manager responsible for the specific role you have applied for.
​​​​​​
​​​​​​How will you get in touch with me? 
​​​​​​​
Once you apply online, a recruiter will review your application. If you are a good match for the role, you will be contacted via email or phone.
IMPORTANT NOTICE FOR CANDIDATES
: At Mars, our Associates' safety always comes first, and we equally care for the safety of our candidates. Recruitment fraud is a potential threat to job seekers, so please be aware that throughout our recruitment process, whether the recruitment is made directly by us or through a third-party agency, you’ll never be required to pay any fees or disclose personal financial details. We strongly urge that you do not disclose personal or financial details to anyone you do not know and trust.
I cannot log in to my Candidate home account, what to do?
Make sure you are trying to log in with the correct email address. If this still doesn't work, you can reset your password by following the steps below:
Click on "Forgot your password" link on the Sign In page (shown below). Make sure that you check your SPAM folders for the password reset emails.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Workday limits 5 password reset requests in a 24-hour period. If you are not receiving the Forgot Password email, please wait and try again in 24 hours.
I'm locked out of my account, what to do?
This typically means that you have tried to log in too many times with the incorrect credentials. Workday automatically locks the account for 30 minutes after 5 unsuccessful sign-in attempts. Please request a new password using the "Forgot your password?" link to unlock your account.
After following all guidance I'm still not able to log in. What to do?
Please contact your recruiter if you cannot log in despite having followed above guidance.
​​​​​​​
Preparing for a video interview
 
We're conducting all of our interviews online right now. It's the first chance you have to introduce yourself to the hiring team, so it's worth taking some time to get it right. Chose a nice quiet location, with good lighting and relax into it. Don't worry, you'll get a couple of attempts to get it right.
 
Video interview tips
 
 
Join our
talent community
 
Join our talent community to stay updated on Mars news - and be first to hear about
any new job openings.
​​​​​​​
 
 Sign up 
 
 
 
 
 
 The world we want tomorrow 
 
 
 starts with how we do business today 
 
 
 
 
A question? Connect with us on Facebook or Instagram
 
 
 
Careers
 
 
 FOLLOW US
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Privacy Statement
 
 
 
 
 Cookies Notice
 
 
 
 
 Legal
 
 
 
 
 AdChoices
 
 
 
 
 Site Map
 
 
 
 
 CA Supply Chain Transparency Act
 
 
 
 
 Modern Slavery Act
 
 
 
 
 Accessibility
 
 
 
 
 Locations
 
 
 
 © 2023 Mars, Incorporated and its Affiliates. All Rights Reserved 
 
 
 
cf23ed2cbc804c52bb48d3955b5e73cc